Haicheng Music Competition
Don't you know
Gold Medal in Haicheng Music Competition
It's been empty for over 20 years
Last Gold Award
My mom took it down
I think she's just stalling for time
Ok stop fooling around
Hurry up and come home with me
Your brother is still waiting for you
Mr. Gu
The media is here, if it's too ugly
I'm afraid it's not good for school births
Ok, got it.
All right.
If you win the gold medal in the Haicheng Music Competition
I agree with you to stay
But I won't give you tuition and scholarships.
Ok I promise you
What are you talking about?
How do you pay 200,000 tuition?
Are you going to sell it?
Mom
How can you say that about your own daughter?
You are really my mother
Hey
Let me tell you something.
I won't give you a penny.
Don't appear in front of me like this in the future
Smoke
Come on. Let's go.